The first step is to create the coupon service Spring boot project to do that, go to spring tool suite
go to the file menu, new spring starter project.
Give the project a name right here.
Call it coupon service is the project name.
The group name is com.bharath.Springcloud,  com.bharath.Springcloud
The artifact name is Coupon Service that is taken from the name of top here.
The description is Coupon Service as well.
The package name.
You can copy this group name pasted on the package name hit next.
This is where we select all the dependencies for our project.
The first dependancy we need is the Spring Web.
So search for web and select spring web.
Right there you see spring web because we need this to develop that restful web services.
The second dependency is spring data JPA
That guy, we are going to use Spring Data JPA to do all the object relational mapping work against
the database.
The last of the dependencies for now is the My SQL Driver.
So type in My SQL.
Select that MySQL driver that will add the MySQL Connector, which is the JDBC driver to connect
to the MySQL database finish.
That will pull all the dependencies, it will create the coupon service project for us if you open
the pom.xml
DoubleClick to maximize scroll down, you will see all the dependencies for your project, the Web dependancy
For restful Services MySQL connecter to connect to the MySQL database, springboot starter data jpa.
to do object relational mapping and using spring data within our project.
We're going to add a lot more dependencies here as you mastered spring cloud in the next few sections for
now to develop the restful API.
This is all we need.